Grandpa, I also want to be your granddaughter-in-law.
But he broke his promise and he never accepted me
Now this Lin Nuannuan appears
He won't even let me into my uncle's house
Such a nice girl
Broken promises are blind
If I hadn't taken the medicine you prescribed all these years
My old bones are long gone
I see the car is messy
I just want to hope that our uncle will inform us.
I think so too
Grandpa won't let my precious granddaughter
Can you talk?
Grandpa Nuannuan is a good person
You can't say that about him
He likes Lin Nuannuan
Grandpa, it's getting late.
Go back to your room early to take medicine and rest
Sister Jin takes grandpa back to the room